so the questions you asked me about for New York Mets dominating the Dodgers
it's always about talk about ideas like the eighty six minutes
two thousand World Series in some ways there is happy to talk about
those it is probably reach me off line for further comment on that
however for the tapes and recordings that you're going to see it click
on the head it's really about challenges that you might face is
the first CD that you go to wife its the worship driver because I am
sure problem and it's based on my experiences there you also can ask
questions about the housing bill if you if you move from base to base
like these questions in there that that cover that and just some
general leadership questions as leadership style questions because
we know you've had that textbook at this point hi there at O. C. S.
war you don't see a note reading was one of what is gonna be some questions
that you can warm warm work on and ask me about offices